readme.md, before:

# The X System 🧠
I created The X System project because i was irritated by the fact that it doesn't matter if you use the qbcore-framework or esx framework, at the end of the day it doesn't link nor seperates client and character data that well. With that being said i went out of my way to solve this problem, this was important for me and probably for you because this is an absolute core mechanic for any server whether it is focused on roleplay, combat, racing or just playing for fun almost everyone has this mechanic or a similar one within their server 😉.

#### *For those who want some extra context..*<br>
Lets say you are running a qbcore server, it has an itegrated language system for your server this is nice for those who want to use a single language on their server. For example you want to have a multi national server, then this system needs some tweeks so the language system is able to let the user set their preferred language.<br><br>
Once you recived this information you dont want to save this for every character so you create a new table in the data base to save this info the only problem then is that this isnt linked to you character, and in some cases you migth want to use it for the character you are playing with for example when you assign a new job.<br><br>
This system is exactly what you could use to solve this problem. It links and seperatly saves the data so you dont have to store the same data multible times.

## Documentation Contents
1. **Install**
   - [**Resource Installation**](https://github.com/5m1Ly/Tool-Box/blob/master/docs/install/install.md)
   - [**Resource Configuration**](https://github.com/5m1Ly/Tool-Box/blob/master/docs/install/configure.md)

## Sources
1. [connectqueue](https://github.com/Nick78111/ConnectQueue)<br>
  The player queue is handeled by a modified version of the [connectqueue](https://github.com/Nick78111/ConnectQueue) resource.

Commit message:

added link to visual schemas

readme.md, after:

# The X System 🧠
I created The X System project because i was irritated by the fact that it doesn't matter if you use the qbcore-framework or esx framework, at the end of the day it doesn't link nor seperates client and character data that well. With that being said i went out of my way to solve this problem, this was important for me and probably for you because this is an absolute core mechanic for any server whether it is focused on roleplay, combat, racing or just playing for fun almost everyone has this mechanic or a similar one within their server 😉.

##### *For those who want some extra context..*<br>
###### Lets say you are running a qbcore server, it has an itegrated language system for your server this is nice for those who want to use a single language on their server. For example you want to have a multi national server, then this system needs some tweeks so the language system is able to let the user set their preferred language.<br><br>
###### Once you recived this information you dont want to save this for every character so you create a new table in the data base to save this info the only problem then is that this isnt linked to you character, and in some cases you migth want to use it for the character you are playing with for example when you assign a new job.<br><br>
###### This system is exactly what you could use to solve this problem. It links and seperatly saves the data so you dont have to store the same data multible times.

## Documentation Contents
1. **Install**
   - [**Resource Installation**](https://github.com/5m1Ly/Tool-Box/blob/master/docs/install/install.md)
   - [**Resource Configuration**](https://github.com/5m1Ly/Tool-Box/blob/master/docs/install/configure.md)

## Visual
For those who want to take a look at the visual data structure / proces schema, [follow this link ->](https://my.visme.co/view/epyeem3x-the-x-system-2)

## Sources
1. [connectqueue](https://github.com/Nick78111/ConnectQueue)<br>
  The player queue is handeled by a modified version of the [connectqueue](https://github.com/Nick78111/ConnectQueue) resource.
